hey to me five major began never got
another line and jog over there for you
and this leg on dragon video is called
Darlie students and ninja students from
the cartoon so here I've got the darkly
students and ninja students so let's go
basically this we got the two dodge ball
grenades I don't know what's inside and
it's not taking its and so so we're
gonna throw a daughter pose even you
just found it and we've got the smoke
bombs and the spit balls and there's
little smoke bombs over here so we've
got the the blue shirts when they
pretended to be the good students then
we got the other guys so here is she
calls herself the emoji evil genius and
well we've got one two three four five
six seven eight nine nine darkly
students and we've got the dodge balls
which are really cool your custom
painted and they're just very cool it's
the spit straws are very cool as well
because there is cool and so dr.
students well that's the droplets again
it's now up to the needs of students
religious students we've got the three
blue ones the two whites two blacks on
two reds like in the show so the whites
the legs were custom painted because
Lego does not make white I checked and I
looked in every color no white so got
the black students
now we've got the blue ones and now I've
got the red ones and the white ones but
I think that well I think in like
episode other industries you know that
I'm so annoyed gets older I think these
ninja students should should be as
students and you'd be some Zoid
so the arc Lee students here's all the
painting work on the requisitions but I
had to be painted gray and then bloom
which is really it's too hard to make a
skull as well it's really hard and the
flowers it's got a green dot and a
little white dot inside it and the green
tie so all the paint work was very
hardly done and with the hair you've got
the brown hair custom painted got this
snare that's been painted and well
that's all the custom pages hairs well
that's all for this video and we'll see
you next time